Added a callout for Removal Policy (#8055)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/data/custom-business-logic/search-and-aggregate-queries/index.mdx

  {
    version: opensearch.EngineVersion.OPENSEARCH_2_11,
    nodeToNodeEncryption: true,

>     // set removalPolicy to DESTROY for sandbox environemnt
>     // removalPolicy: RemovalPolicy.DESTROY,

Reviewer: Can we uncomment this line? If someone copy-paste the code, they may forget to change the removal policy.
```suggestion
    // set removalPolicy to RETAIN for production environment
    removalPolicy: RemovalPolicy.DESTROY,
```

>     removalPolicy: RemovalPolicy.DESTROY,

Reviewer 2: we're missing the import for this enum

    encryptionAtRest: {
      enabled: true
    }
  }
);
// highlight-end
```

> <Callout>
> 
> Important considerations:
> 
> We recommend enabling the `removalPolicy` for sandbox environments.
> By default, OpenSearch instances are not deleted when you run `npx ampx delete`, as the default removal policy is set to retain the resource.
> 
> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout warning>

**Important considerations:**

We recommend configuring the `removalPolicy` to destroy resources for sandbox environments. By default, OpenSearch instances are not deleted when you run `npx ampx sandbox delete`, as the default removal policy for stateful resources is set to retain the resource.

</Callout>
```

let's pivot to a warning to make the callout a bit more prominent since this has pricing implications

  {
    version: opensearch.EngineVersion.OPENSEARCH_2_11,
    nodeToNodeEncryption: true,
    // set removalPolicy to DESTROY to make sure the open search domain is deleted on stack deletion.

>     removalPolicy: RemovalPolicy.DESTROY,

Reviewer 2: import needed here as well

Author: added the import
